Update faqs.md (#7830)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/templates_and_media/faqs.md

### Are there storage limits for images within the media library?

> No, there are no storage limits for images within the media library.  Assets within the media library are currently stored during the tenure of a customers contract with Braze.  Asset size limits are still enforced (> 5mb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, there are no storage limits for images within the media library.  Assets within the media library are currently stored during the tenure of a customer's contract with Braze.  Asset size limits are still enforced (> 5mb)
```

Reviewer: Defer to @bre-fitzgerald but I still kind of see this as ambiguous. I wonder if we should reword the question header itself.

Should we put the "during the tenure of a customer's contract" thing in the next question (expiration)?

Reviewer 2: @djhanggi I agree, this would be more appropriate in the expiration section. Adding some suggestions here and in the subsequent section to that effect. 👀 

```suggestion
No, there are no storage limits for assets within the media library. However, there are size limits for assets (maximum 5 MB).
```

> ### Are there expiration dates for uploaded assets?

Reviewer 2: I'm unable to add a suggestion on the specific line, but we could rephrase this like:

> No, assets uploaded to the media library will be retained for the entire duration of your contract with Braze.
